OP NOTICE TO SHIPPING N-7-2026




                Panama Canal
                Transit Reservation
                System
January 1, 2026




OP NOTICE TO SHIPPING N-7-2026
To: Shipping Agents, Owners and Operators
Subject: Panama Canal Transit Reservation System


1. Effective Date and Cancellation
      This Notice cancels OP Notice to Shipping No. N-7-2025 and will be effective on
the date of issue. A revised Notice will be issued in January of each year or when
otherwise required.

2. Purpose and Scope
          A. This Notice incorporates the Panama Canal Transit Reservation System in
accordance with the Regulation on Navigation in Panama Canal Waters (ACP Navigation
Regulations) and with additional provisions included in the related manual of procedures.
            B. The rules presented in this Notice constitute, section by section, the
regulations related to the matter in the ACP Navigation Regulations and are followed by
policies, procedures, and practices of the Canal Authority. In the event of any conflict in
the rules printed in this Notice and the provisions published in the ACP Navigation
Regulations, the latter shall govern.

3. Booking through the Transit Reservation System
   Application
      The Transit Reservation System (Booking) Application is an efficient electronic
information exchange between the ACP information system and the customers’ systems,
which enables the collection, administration, and validation of data. The Booking
Application allows local shipping agents to manage their booking transactions on-line, and
allows other interested parties, such as charterers, owners or operators, to access
booking transactions as a query only.

      Booking requests, requests for Daylight Transits, Late Arrivals, Just-in-Time
                                PANAMA CANAL AUTHORITY (ACP)
                                  Vice Presidency for Operations
                                   Building 729, Balboa-Ancon
                                        Panama, Panama
                                       www.pancanal.com
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                                    Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 transits, Transit in Advance, Substitutions, Swaps, Change in Booking Dates, and
Cancellations are received through the Booking Application. Competition results and Slot
Availability Reports are also available in this application. Registered agents have access
to this application at any time, once the ACP provides each registered agent with a
username and password to log onto the Booking Application.

      The ACP Help Desk provides 24-hour service to address difficulties pertaining to
the Booking Application.

       The following are the points of contact for systems support:
       •   Support ....................................................... Tel. 272-5554
       •   Help Desk ……………………………………. Tel. 272-7777


4. Transit Booking Information on the Internet
        A section on the Panama Canal internet page is                                     available at
https://pancanal.com/en/maritime-services/vessel-eta-and-transit-booking/                    with    the
following information on the current status of the Transit Booking System:
       • Booking Slots Available – Web Page
       • Customer Ranking
      The Customer Ranking Report is updated and posted at the beginning of each
month, while the Slots Availability is continuously updated, every time a slot is awarded.

      The Booking Slots Available – Web Page site has been designed to provide
information on reserved slots and slot availability for the next 90 days for regulars, supers,
and Neopanamax vessels, and information between 366 and 730 days for commercial
passenger vessels.

5. Access to the ACP Vessel Information System
      In compliance with ACP and international security requirements, access to the Vessel
Information system is regulated.

        All requests to transit the Panama Canal or anchor in Canal waters carry implicit
authorization for the ACP to disclose information regarding the vessel and its estimated time
of arrival (ETA) to those entities duly registered with the ACP to provide services to said
vessels.

        The Vessel Information system is only available, with the limitations and restrictions
established in the contract, and based on the nature of the activity performed, to the
following:



                                                       ii
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




       1. Shipping agencies registered with the ACP;
       2. Port terminals located within or adjacent to Panama Canal waters;
       3. Government entities with maritime or protection responsibilities;
       4. Banks recognized and approved by the ACP as guarantors for tolls and other
           marine services.

       Access to vessel’s arrival information, with the limitations and restrictions
established by the ACP, will be available to:
      1. Established entities providing services to vessels in Panama Canal waters;
      2. Established entities domiciled in the Republic of Panama providing legal
         services within the realm of maritime transportation and commerce.

       Authorization to access the EVTMS requires signing a contract with the ACP wherein
the terms and conditions required of the subscriber are defined. This contract includes the
established tariff, as well as confidentiality restrictions regarding the use of information
obtained through this system. Non-compliance with the terms and conditions of this contract,
including non-payment of the tariff in a timely manner, may result in the suspension of
access to this service.

       Information regarding the documentation required to obtain access to the vessel
information system is stated in the attachment. Requests for access may be submitted
electronically to operationservices@pancanal.com or delivered to:

                      Shipping Customer Service Management Office
                      Panama Canal Authority
                      Building 729, Balboa
                      Republic of Panama

6. Customer Code Issuance and Consolidation Procedures
       ACP requires that a Customer Code be provided to every vessel’s visit to transit the
Panama Canal, except for yachts and government vessels. However, these vessels will
not be allowed to substitute their reserved slot, or swap with other vessels if a customer
code has not been assigned.

The Customer Code provided by the vessel agent for a vessel’s visit must be the
Customer Code that belongs to the company responsible for each transit during that visit.
Providing a Customer Code belonging to an entity that does not represent, own, operate,
or charter the transiting vessel is prohibited. Therefore, the customer code provided must
belong to:
       1. The owner of the vessel transiting the Canal, or




                                              iii
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




          2. The operator of the vessel transiting the Canal, or
          3. The company that charters a vessel transiting the Canal.
       ACP provides several systems and reports, which are readily available to verify
Customer Codes that were reported for each vessel's visit, such as: Daily Information
Report, Arrivals Report, Vessel’s Visit Itineraries Screen, and the Vessel Schedule Report.
In addition, the Agent/Customer Summary report, available through EVTMS, provides a
summary of all transiting vessels represented by local shipping agents that are logged in.
This report contains information for the last 60 days.

         An important factor in the competition to obtain reserved transit slots is the
utilization of the Customer Code, which can affect customer ranking. Customer Code
procedures require proof of ownership, contractual chartering or majority stock ownership
of a shipping company and these prerequisites are available at: https://pancanal.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/customer-code-issuance-and-consolidation-procedures-
revjan_2022.pdf

        The Customer Code provided by the vessel´s agent must belong to the company
responsible for each transit within that visit, be it the vessel’s owner, charterer or operator.
In this regard, and to maintain the integrity of the booking system, vessels will not be
allowed to change customer codes once the visit has been created, unless a written
justification is submitted and approved by the Vice President for Operations.

       Customer Codes that are not used in a five-year period may be deactivated by the
ACP Customer Services Unit. Customers who wish to reinstate a code that has been
deactivated are required to send a written request in this regard to the Shipping Customer
Service Management Office.

      For your reference, the last revision of the Customer Code Issuance and
Consolidation Procedure, which was promulgated for your strict compliance, may be
accessed       through      the     following     link:      https://pancanal.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/customer-code-issuance-and-consolidation-procedures-
revjan_2022.pdf




Boris Moreno Vásquez
Vice President for Operations




                                               iv
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                       Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 RULES AND PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE PANAMA CANAL
TRANSIT RESERVATION SYSTEM

ACP REGULATION ON NAVIGATION IN PANAMA CANAL WATERS
ARTICLE 20
Applicability and scope
Subject to the limitations imposed by Articles II and VI of the 1977 Treaty concerning the
Permanent Neutrality and Operation of the Panama Canal, between the United States and
the Republic of Panama, and subject to compliance with the provisions of this part, the
Panama Canal Transit Reservation System allows vessels, including commercial
passenger vessels, desiring to transit the Canal, to reserve transit slots in advance of
arrival to Canal waters and be moved through the Canal on pre-assigned dates.

ARTICLE 9
Definitions
        1. Transit Reservation. Service offered by the Authority whereby it guarantees that
transit will start on a specific date, requested by the vessel, which is subject to an
additional fee.

       2. Passenger Vessel. A vessel that principally transports passengers and runs on
fixed published schedules. The capacity of this type of vessel is normally over 12
passengers.

       3. Ordinary Transit. Transit of a vessel without a transit reservation, which is
scheduled for the date and time determined by the Authority based on its order of arrival,
the Canal’s capacity and any limitations that the vessel might have.

       4. Required Arrival Time. Date and time established by ACP as the deadline by
which a vessel booked for transit must arrive to retain its scheduled transit.

       5. Just-in-Time (JIT) Transit. A service which allows a booked vessel to arrive at a
pre-established time confirmed by the Authority.
        6. Transit in Advance (TIA). A service confirmed by ACP which allows a booked
vessel to transit on a date prior to its booking date

       7. Net Zero Slot. A booking slot in the Neopanamax Locks dedicated to vessels
committed to Low Carbon emissions.
        8. Authorized Vessel Agent. A party authorized by the owner or operator to
represent the vessel before the Authority to create visits, request services and commit
before the Authority to pay the fees for the services it requests, or which are generated as
a result of the visit of the vessels that it represents.



                                             1
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 The Authority shall assign an agency code to recognize as an Authorized Shipping Agent
the party who requests representation of a vessel before the Authority and who has
complied with the requirements established by the Authority for such purposes.

           9. Vessel Classification. For purposes of these rules, vessels are classified as
Neopanamax when they are over 107 feet (32.61 meters) in beam or over 966 feet
(294.44 meters) in length; supers when they are 91 feet (27.74 meters) in beam or over
but no more than 107 feet (32.61 meters) in beam, and length overall not exceeding 966
feet (294.44 meters); and regulars when they are under 91 feet (27.74 meters) in beam. If
a vessel is approved for transit through the Panamax locks with dimensions exceeding the
maximum limits mentioned above, the vessel will be considered a super for purposes of
determining the applicable booking and other fees.

        10. Required Arrival Times/Neopanamax and Panamax Plus. The required arrival
time for TIA and booked Neopanamax and Panamax Plus vessels is 2200 hours of the
day prior to their booked date. For Neopanamax LNG carriers, the required arrival time is
0200 hours of their booked date. Neopanamax commercial passenger vessels are exempt
from this requirement, if they arrive with enough time to maintain their schedule.
Submarines and “high-value transit” vessels may be instructed by the ACP to arrive past
the required arrival for operational and/or security reasons.

           11. Required Arrival Times/Supers and regular vessels with restrictions. The
required arrival time for TIA, booked supers and regular vessels transiting under
restrictions is 0200 hours of the day of their booking. Commercial passenger vessels are
exempt from this requirement, if they arrive with enough time to maintain their schedule.
Submarines and “high-value transit” vessels may be instructed by the ACP to arrive past
the required arrival for operational and/or security reasons.

           12. Required Arrival Times/Regular vessels without restrictions. The required
arrival time for TIA and booked regular vessels without transit restrictions, is 1400 hours of
the day of transit. Commercial passenger vessels are exempt from this requirement, if
they arrive with enough time to maintain their schedule. Submarines and other “high-value
transit” vessels may be instructed by the ACP to arrive past the required arrival for
operational and/or security reasons.

          13. Required Arrival Time/Just-In-Time Transits. Vessels that have been
awarded the JIT transit service shall arrive at a Canal terminal by the time confirmed by
the Authority.

          14. Arrival Time. For purposes of these rules, a vessel booked for transit will be
deemed to have arrived at a Canal terminal when an ACP signal station establishes radio
contact with the vessel and:
            A. The vessel is visually sighted by the signal station; or




                                               2
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




           B. The vessel is identified on ACP radar by location, speed, and course at a
           distance of not more than 8 nautical miles (13.6 kilometers) from the sea buoy
           on the Pacific side or from the breakwater entrance on the Atlantic side.

         In case a southbound vessel is departing from a port in Manzanillo Bay, the
vessel establishes radio contact with the ACP Cristobal Signal Station and reports its
position as it passes the East Breakwater entrance on a southbound course. The ACP
Port Entry Coordinator confirms the vessel’s position through visual sighting or by radar. A
vessel in this situation must arrive at the Canal breakwater entrance with sufficient time for
its scheduled pilot pick-up. If the vessel fails to do this, the reserved transit slot may be
canceled.

         Vessels in all three size categories (Neopanamax, Super and Regular) will be
required to be ready for transit by or before their required arrival time. Exceptions will be
approved on a case-by-case basis upon request, based on the booked vessels and the
vessel mix in the schedule. Customers requesting approval for a later ready time for
transit must submit their request via e-mail to Planner@pancanal.com no later than 48
hours prior to the required arrival time.

ARTICLES 19 AND 28
Booked Transits

        1. The specific daily order of vessels, as well as the mix of vessels transiting the
Canal, whether booked or not, shall be determined by the ACP. Except as provided
herein, a booked vessel may transit prior to its reserved transit date, if the transit
advancement has been approved by the ACP, or if the ACP determines that assigning the
vessel an earlier transit slot promotes operational efficiency.
      2. Notwithstanding assignment of an earlier reserved transit slot by the ACP, all
booked vessels will be charged the prescribed booking fee.
       3. Swapping and substitution of reserved transit slots between or among booked
vessels will be permitted only on conditions specified by the ACP.


ARTICLES 22 AND 23
Booking periods; allocation of reserved slots
       1. Only vessel agents may request reserved transits during the following booking
periods:
      Special Period: Commercial Passenger Vessels - 730 to 366 days prior to the
requested transit date.




                                              3
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                                                 Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




           Normal Periods:
               A. First Period - For the Panamax locks, from 90 to 15 days prior to the
                  requested transit date. For the Neopanamax locks, from 90 to 31 days prior
                  to the requested transit date.
               B. Period 1.a - For Neopanamax locks only, from 30 to 15 days prior to the
                  requested transit date.
               C. Second Period - From 14 to 8 days prior to the requested transit date.

               D.      Third Period - From 7 to 2 days prior to the requested transit date.

Note: The third period closes at 1500 hours during weekdays, weekends and holidays.

       2. The number of reserved transit slots available throughout the booking periods
may be adjusted by the ACP, commensurate with the safe and efficient operation of the
Canal.
       3. Booked vessels will be allowed to change dates, request substitutions and
swaps between 365 and 91 days prior to any booking date, even without an open booking
period.

ARTICLE 22
       1. Transit Slot Allocations. During normal operating conditions, the authorized
reserved transit slots available per day will be allocated among the Long-Term Slot
Allocation methodology (LoTSA), booking periods and size of vessels as set forth in the
following table:




Note: unused slots from one period are carried over to the following period.
*includes the “conditioned” slot.



        2. Passenger Vessel Allocations. From 730 to 366 days prior to the requested
transit date, one slot for neopanamax, three slots for supers and two slots for regulars
from the 1st booking period will be available exclusively for commercial passenger vessels.
These slots will be awarded through competition when the special period opens and on a
first-come, first-served basis after the competition has closed. Upon the expiration of this
special period, unused slots will be carried over to the 1st booking period. No distinction
will be made between commercial passenger vessels and other vessels when assigning




                                                                    4
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




  any remaining reserved transit slots in any of the remaining booking periods. The
booking slot for neopanamax commercial passenger vessels requesting a turn-around
transit will be limited to one (1) per day. The vessel’s agent shall inform the ACP that they
are requesting a turn-around transit when creating or updating their visit in the Maritime
Service Portal, prior to submitting their booking request. Failure to provide this information
may result in the cancellation of the vessel’s booking, as well as the application of
corresponding charges.
Any slot not allocated during the Special Booking Period for Neopanamax will be carried
over to Booking Period 2. Any slot from the Special Booking Period that becomes
available from 366 to 15 days prior to the booking date will be carried over to Period 2.
        3. Panamax Plus Vessels. Panamax vessels with drafts greater than 12.04 m
(39.5 feet) TFW (also known as panamax plus vessels) are currently not allowed to
participate in the ordinary booking application process. Nevertheless, they may be
allowed to participate in the auction for a slot in the neopanamax locks when determined
by the ACP. Panamax Plus will be limited to one (1) vessel per transit date.

        4. Long Term Slot Allocation Methodology (LoTSA): Through the LoTSA method,
ACP will offer transit booking slot packages to various market segments, which will include
a specific number of weekly or monthly slots for an specific period of time previously
established by ACP, for northbound and/or southbound transits. A specific number of
slots from the Neopanamax daily offer will be allocated through the LoTSA method, for a
predetermined number of slots per week, beginning with week one and extending through
week 26 or 52 per year. Each week spans from Sunday to Saturday.

These packages and their characteristics will be announced through the Panama Canal
webpage (www.pancanal.com) and will be allocated to the highest bidders through a
SEALED BID AUCTION. If two or more customers submit a bid for the same amount, the
tiebreaker will be based on the order in which the bids were received in the Panama Canal
Auction System.

The amount of the sealed bid refers to the maximum amount the customer is willing to pay
for each slot included in the package, with a base amount defined in the LoTSA Terms
and Conditions.

Slots not allocated through the LoTSA method will be carried over to Booking Period 2.

The terms and conditions for the LoTSA initiative is available in the following link: Long-
term-slot_Terms-and-conditions-2.0_Revision-1.pdf (pancanal.com)

       5. First Period for Neopanamax vessels. No booking slots are available during this
period.

       6. Booking Period 1.a for Neopanamax Vessels. During Booking Period 1.a, up to
three (3) slots may be offered daily. The direction of these slots will depend on the slots



                                              5
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 allocated in previous periods and through LoTSA method. Only booking requests for full
container, LNG, LPG, and vehicle carrier / RoRo vessels will be accepted. A maximum of
two (2) of these slots may be allocated to LNG vessels. During the tiebreaker competition
at the beginning of the period (between 0900 and 0930 hours), full container vessels shall
have priority when allocating the first two (2) slots offered during the tiebreaker
competitions for this booking period. If there are still slots available, they may be assigned
to vessels from LNG, LPG, and vehicle carrier/RoRo vessels market segments in that
same priority order, based on customer ranking. LNG vessels will be the first choice when
allocating the third slot followed by LPG, full container vessels and vehicle carrier/RoRo.
Vessels with HML=D will not be allowed to request a booking slot during Booking Period
1A.
Priority will also be given to full container vessels when assigning slots carried over from
Period 1 and slots that are cancelled or become available due to other reasons.
Slots that are not awarded during the tiebreaker competitions will become available to any
interested full container, LNG, LPG, and vehicle carriers/RoRo vessels on a first come-first
served basis for the remainder of the period.

Note: One weekly slot from Booking Period 1A will be allocated to the NetZero initiative.
Consequently, once this slot is awarded, the total number of slots available for competition
in Booking Period 1A will be reduced for the specific booking date on which the vessel
awarded the NetZero slot is scheduled to transit.

       7. Second Period for Neopanamax Vessels. During the 2nd Booking Period, up two
(2) slots will be made available to vessels from all market segments as well as any
remaining slot from LoTSA, in addition to any unused slots that are carried over from
previous periods. Full container vessels shall have priority over vessels from other market
segments when assigning such slots during the tiebreaker competitions.

If, by the end of Booking Period 1A there are less than three LoTSA slots registered for
any booking date, the unused slots will be added to Booking Period 2.

After the 2nd period tiebreaker competition, any remaining slots will become available to
interested vessels from any market segment, on a first-come, first-served basis. Unused
booking slots from the 2nd booking period will be carried over to the 3rd booking period.

The “conditioned slot” offered during the 2nd booking period (regardless of direction), may
only be assigned to vessels with a High Mast Lighting (HML) designator “C” that meet the
following criteria:

A.   Full container vessels with a length overall (LOA) of less than 335.28 meters (1,100
     feet), beam less than 43.28 meters (142 feet), and deep draft less than 13.72 meters
     (45 feet), Tropical Fresh Water (TFW); or




                                              6
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 B.    Vessels with precaution designator of PD-1 or PD-2 (excluding full container
      vessels) with a beam of 36.58 meters (120 feet) or less, and with a length overall
      (LOA) of 259.08 meters (850 feet) or less; or

C.    Other vessel types with a length overall (LOA) of less than 304.8 meters (1,000 feet),
      beam of less than 41.15 meters (135 feet), and deep draft of less than 13.72 meters
      (45 feet) Tropical Fresh Water (TFW).

Full containers shall have priority over vessels from other market segments when
assigning the conditioned slot.

After the Neopanamax 2nd period tiebreaker competition, if the conditioned slot has not
been allocated, the slot will be offered through a special auction to Panamax Plus or
Neopanamax vessel during Booking Period 2. If the slot was not awarded through this
auction, it will be carried over to Booking Period 3. The minimum bid amount for the
auction will be as per the Official Maritime Tariff.

All Neopanamax vessels classified with an HML of "C" that request a booking slot during
the 2nd period tiebreaker competition will be included in the conditioned slot tiebreaker
competition. Any vessel with an awarded conditioned slot will forfeit its booking if its HML
code is changed and a forfeiture fee will be assessed. Additionally, vessels with an
awarded booking slot obtained during the second booking period that declare a transit
condition to avoid being assigned an HML of “C” will forfeit its booking slot. ACP may
request supporting documentation from the customer to validate any changes in the transit
condition that makes a modification in the HML previously assigned.

The following table summarizes the slot allocation and priorities per booking period for the
Neopanamax locks:




                                             7
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




               SPECIAL
                               PERIOD 1
               PERIOD                                 PERIOD 1.A                    PERIOD 2                PERIOD 3
                               (90 TO 31
               (730 TO                              (30 TO 15 DAYS)              (14 TO 8 DAYS)           (7 TO 2 DAYS)
                                 DAYS)
              366 DAYS)
 Number
                   1                2                        2                           2                       1
 of slots
 Slot         Passenger      Full container     1st & 2nd slots are           Priority to full           All slots are
 allocation   vessels only   vessels only       assigned in the following     containers, then           allocated to the
 priority     based on       based on           order: Priority to full       vessels from any           highest bidder
              ranking.       ranking.           containers; followed by       market segment             through auctions.
                             At the moment,     LNG, LPG and car              based on customer
                             there are no       carriers / RoRo based on      ranking.
                             slots available    customer ranking.
                             during the first   3rd slot is assigned in the   Conditioned slot (if
                             Booking Period.    following order: LNG,         available): priority to
                                                LPG, full containers and      full containers; then by
                                                car carriers / RoRo           customer ranking.
                                                based on customer
                                                ranking.                      Any additional slots:
                                                .                             full containers,
                                                                              followed by vessels
                                                Any additional slots: full    from any market
                                                containers, followed by       segment based on
                                                vessels from LNG, LPG         customer ranking.
                                                and car carriers / RoRo
                                                market segments based
                                                on ranking.



In case there are more than three LoTSA slots registered for any booking date, the
additional slots to reach the maximum of six slots per booking date will be reduced from
Booking Period 1A, 2 or 3, depending on the time the LoTSA slots are registered.

        8. Slot Reallocation for Neopanamax Vessels. Booking Slots that become
available in any booking period (except Period 3) due to booked neopanamax vessels
transiting prior to their reserved date, may be offered in the same manner as when the slot
becomes available due to cancellations or changes in booking date, either through
competition (regular or special), or first-come, first-served after the competition. Slots that
become available during Period 3, may be offered through auctions only.

     9. Neopanamax LNG Vessels. A maximum of two (2) slots may be allocated to
LNG vessels per day through the normal booking process.

       10. Net Zero Slot Allocation: A Neopanamax weekly slot from Booking Period 1A
may be offered to vessels that meet the requirements of this slot through a competition to
be held from 0800 to 0830 on the opening date of Booking Period 1A for the Sunday of
the transit week offered.




                                                           8
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




        To participate in the Net Zero Slot competition, customers must submit their
requests through the Transit Reservation (Booking) System including the intended transit
day of the week.

      Once this slot is awarded, the total number of slots available for competition in
Booking Period 1A will be reduced for the same booking date on which the vessel
awarded the NetZero slot is scheduled to transit.

     Vessels awarded a NetZero Slot will be charged the Transit Reservation-
Neopanamax Vessel fee indicated in the Maritime Services Tariff.

       Vessels with an awarded NetZero Slot will have the following benefits:

           • Choice of transit date withing the offered week

           • Guaranteed 24 hours in transit time

           • Just in Time (JIT) service included

           • Swap and Substitutions will be allowed among vessels that have the same
              characteristics used when the slot was allocated

       The requirements to participate in the NetZero competition, vessels must be
registered as dual-fuel and capable of operating on at least one fuel with an approximate
well-to-wake (WtW) carbon intensity of 75 gCO₂(e)/MJ or lower.

      Dual fuel engines such as dual LNG-fuel, dual LPG-fuel, dual methanol fuel and
dual ammonia fuel will qualify to compete for the NetZero Slot program.

        First-time transit vessels will not be eligible to compete for the NetZero slot, as they
must first undergo inspection by Panama Canal Admeasurement Unit. This inspection
typically takes place upon the vessel´s initial arrival in Canal waters, prior to its maiden
transit.

       The allocation of the NetZero Slot will be based on the following order of criteria:

         a. Cargo Condition: Laden vessels will be considered before ballast vessels.

       b. Capacity: Vessels with a higher Panama Canal Universal Measurement
System (PCUMS) tonnage will be considered ahead of those with lower tonnage.

         c. Economic Contribution: This criterion will serve as the tiebreaker in the event
of a tie in PCUMS tonnage. Vessels with the highest combined payment of tolls, marine
services, booking and auction fees from their most recent transit will be considered first.




                                               9
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                          Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




        11. Last Minute Transit Reservation: Provide an option to vessels that are unable
to obtain a booking slot through regular means and arrive at Canal waters without a
reservation. This option allows the Canal to assign a slot to such vessels depending on
vessel mix and Canal capacity.

     A. The ACP may offer the Last-Minute Transit Reservation service to the following
      vessels:

       a. Vessels from all market segments and categories including dead tows.

       b. Vessels that have already arrived at Canal waters.

       c. Vessels ready to transit.

       d. Vessels that have tried at least one of the following actions within the last seven
       days from the new offered booking date:

           ▪ Vessels that have forfeited the booking slot and are unable to obtain a new
           booking date in the following seven days from the forfeited booking date; or

           ▪ Vessels that have tried to obtain a booking slot during any booking period and
           through an auction for a transit date; or

           ▪ Vessels that tried to obtain a transit booking slot through at least two auctions.

    B. The booking slot may be offered between 4 to 2 days prior to the transit date based
    on the Canal Capacity and vessel mix constraints within the transit schedule.

    C. This service will not be available to vessels that will transit with a Vessel
    Scheduling fee.

    D. Once the slot is allocated the vessel is committed to paying the Last-Minute
    Reservation fee based on the vessel size as per Official Maritime Tariff.

    E. In the event the vessel with a Last-Minute Reservation is unable to initiate its transit
    due to any reason attributable to the vessel, the Last-Minute Reservation fee will be
    applied based on the vessel size as per Official Maritime Tariff.

    F. In the event the vessel with a Last-Minute Reservation is unable to complete its
    transit due to any reason attributable to the vessel, the vessel will be rescheduled to
    the earliest available transit date without requiring a new reservation.

    G. In the event of cancellation with a Last-Minute Reservation, where the vessel is
    unable to initiate or complete its transit due to any reason attributable to the ACP, the
    vessel will be rescheduled to the earliest available transit date without requiring a new
    reservation.



                                               10
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                          Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




  H. Vessels with a Last-Minute Reservation will be required to arrive at the first set of
 locks not later than 2359 hours of the booking date.

  I. This fee is not applicable to passenger vessels, vessels from the Intra- maritime
 cluster, vessels of war and auxiliary vessels from the United States and the Republic of
 Panama.

  J. Vessels offered a Last-Minute Transit Reservation via email will be required to submit
 a booking request through the Transit Reservation (Booking) System. 3654-A (OP-I)
 Scheduling and Last-Minute Services Rules and Procedures

  K. In case there are two or more vessels that meet the requirements for the Last-Minute
 Transit Reservation, the slot will be assigned based on the following order:

       a. Vessel with the earliest forfeited booking date.

       b. Vessel with the earliest arrival time that has a forfeited booking slot.

       c. Vessel with the earliest arrival date/time that tried to obtain a booking slot in any
       booking period and through auction or tried to obtain the booking slot by
       participating in two auctions

    12.Vessel Scheduling Fee: Allows to accommodate vessels that cannot be booked
through the ordinary reservation system but require coordination with the Canal to be
scheduled for transit. This service is not available to passenger vessels, vessels from the
Intra-maritime cluster, and vessels of war and auxiliary vessels from the United States and
the Republic of Panama.

    A. The ACP charges the Vessel Scheduling fee to the following vessels:

       a. Small craft vessels (less than 125 feet in length), small vessels as defined in the
       toll rates including rallies, among others.

       b. Tandem vessels.

       c. Neopanamax, Supers and Regular vessels with special configurations.

      d. Military or auxiliary vessels from countries other than the United States of
      America or the Republic of Panama.

       e. Vessels with less than the minimum required speed from all market segment and
       categories.

       f. Vessels with full daylight restriction from all market segments and categories.

       g. Other vessels announced by the ACP.



                                               11
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




B. This fee is not applicable to passenger vessels, vessel of war and auxiliary vessels
from the United States and the Republic of Panama.

C. In the event a vessel is scheduled through the Vessel Scheduling Service the following
rules apply:

       a. The Vessel Scheduling Fee will be applied based on the vessel size as per the
         Official Maritime Tariff in case of a cancellation or is unable to initiate its transit
         due to any reason attributable to the vessel.

       b. The vessel will be re-scheduled to the earliest available transit date without any
         extra scheduling fee in case the vessel is unable to complete its transit due to any
         reason attributable to the vessel.

       c. The vessel will be re-scheduled to the earliest available transit date without any
         extra scheduling fee in case the vessel is unable to initiate or complete its transit
         due to any reason attributable to the ACP.

D. In case there are two or more vessels that meet the requirements for the Vessel
Scheduling Service, the slot assignment will prioritize vessels ready to transit with the
earliest arrival date/time that meet the requirements of the available slot based on the
Canal Capacity and vessel mix restrictions within the transit schedule.

The following restrictions apply to the Vessel Scheduling Fee and the Last-Minute
Reservation:

       A.    Vessels will not be allowed to request swaps, substitution, Transit in Advance
             (TIA), Just in Time (JIT) service or Same Date Transit Fee.

       B.    Vessels will not have a maximum In Transit Time (ITT) threshold.

       C.    The Vessel will be charged once the vessel arrives at the first set of locks.

        13.Transit in Advance: The ACP may offer a transit date advancement of two days
or more to booked vessels from all market segments and vessel categories (Neopanamax,
Super or Regular) based on booking date, Panama Canal ETA/arrival, vessel mix, Canal
capacity and other operational factors. Once accepted by the vessel and the service is
offered, the corresponding transit date advancement fee will be applied as per Official
Maritime Tariff. The transit date advancement will have a 14-day limitation between the
booked date and transit date and may be offered or requested between 10 and 2 days
prior to the intended transit date. If the booked vessel with a transit date advancement
approved by the ACP swaps booking with another vessel, the transit date advancement
will be transferred to the other vessel involved in the swap.

Booked full container vessels may request a transit date advancement two days or more
prior to the intended transit date. This request shall be submitted between 0700 hours and



                                              12
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 1000 hours within the days allowed. Requests submitted after 1000 or before 0700 hours
will not be accepted nor processed. Full container vessels with an approved transit date
advancement request shall have priority over a vessel that was offered a transit date
advancement when scheduling the transit advancement.

All booked full container vessels transit date advancement requests received between
0700 and 1000 hours will be considered as received at the same time. When two or more
requests are received on the same day for the same transit date, or to determine which
vessel the transit date advancement will be offered to, the assignment of the slot will be
based on the following order:

          A. Vessel with the earliest booking date.

          B. Vessel having a port call at any terminal in Canal waters or adjacent to them
          prior to transit.

          C. Vessel having a port call at any terminal in Canal waters or adjacent to them
          after transit.

          D. Vessel with the earliest ETA/arrival

A maximum of one (1) TIA slot may be offered per day to Neopanamax vessels, two (2)
for supers, and of these, no more than one (1) slot per direction. Similarly, two (2) for
Regular vessels, and of these, no more than one (1) slot per direction. Nevertheless,
based on the vessel mix and the capacity, the ACP may offer additional TIA slots.

Whenever there is more than one vessel with a transit date advancement request
approved for the same date and if for any reason the ACP is not able to provide the
service to all vessels, the order to determine the vessel(s) that will maintain the transit
date advancement will be the same order used to assign the transit date advancement
slot. The same condition will apply whenever two or more vessels accept a transit date
advancement offer.

In reference to the Transit Date Advancement, the service will be considered as having
been provided once the vessel arrives at the first set of locks on the approved date for the
Transit date Advancement, regardless of the In-transit-time (ITT).

Vessels from all three categories with an approved Transit Date Advancement will have
the following arrival time requirements:

            A. For Neopanamax and Panamax Plus vessels, the required arrival time is
            2200 hours of the day prior to the Transit Date Advancement. For Neopanamax
            LNG carriers, the required arrival time is 0200 hours of the day of the Transit
            Date Advancement.




                                             13
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




               B. For Supers and Regular vessels with restrictions, the required arrival
             time is 0200 hours of the day of the Transit Date Advancement.

              C. For Regular vessels without restrictions, the required arrival time is 1400
             hours of the day of the Transit Date Advancement.
Vessels that requires to be approved a ready time later than the required arrival time after
being awarded a booking slot through auction of a Transit Advance (TIA) slot, and the 48
hours deadline to submit the request has been reached by the time the auction or TIA slot
was allocated, the vessel will be allowed to submit the request via email to
Planner@pancanal.com no later than one hour form the slot allocation time.
Vessels that fail to arrive at the Canal terminal by the required arrival time will be
assessed as a forfeiture fee and may elect to maintain their Transit Date Advancement by
requesting the late arrival option, subject to the payment of an additional fee as per Official
Maritime Tariff. A Transit Date Advancement may be canceled without charge or may
waive assessment of a penalty fee if the vessel’s late arrival was due to the reasons
mentioned in article 30 of the Regulation on Navigation in Panama Canal waters.

        14.Just-In-Time (JIT) Transit Slot Allocation. A maximum of four (4) JIT booking
slots may be offered per day to supers, and of these, no more than two (2) slots may be
allocated to vessels transiting in the same direction. Similarly, a maximum of two (2) JIT
booking slots may be offered per day to regulars transiting without restrictions, one per
direction. For the Neopanamax locks, a maximum of one JIT slot may be offered per
direction. At the opening of a booking period, requests for JIT slots will be assigned to
vessels that are awarded the booking slots during the tie-breaker competition for that
period. After the tie-breaker competition, all the remaining JIT slots will become available
to any interested booked vessel. If a booking cancellation of a vessel with a confirmed JIT
transit service occurs prior to 1100 hours of the closing day of the third period, the JIT slot
that becomes available may be awarded, in the order in which the requests for the JIT
service are received. JIT slots that become available due to cancellations after 1100 hours
will not be reassigned.

            A. Requests for JIT for all vessel categories shall be received between 10 days
        and 96 hours prior to booking date to be considered for vessels that obtained a
        slot during booking periods 1 and 2, and no later than 1400 hours 3 days prior to
        the booking date for vessels that obtain a slot during booking period 3.

            B. Booking cancellation by vessels that have been awarded the JIT: the vessel
        will be assessed the JIT charge in addition to the booking cancellation fee.
        C. Change date for a booked vessel with JIT: the vessel will be assessed the JIT
        charge in addition to the change-in-date fee.

          D. Vessels with an approved JIT transit service also have the option to request
          the same day transit service due to late arrival.




                                              14
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




           E. All JIT requests are subject to ACP evaluation prior to approval.

          F. The JIT transit service is subject to an additional fee, as per the published
             Official Maritime Tariff.

Note: The Authority may reduce the amount of JIT slots offered daily or suspend the
service entirely, to ensure the safety and efficiency of the operation. Nevertheless,
vessels that have already been confirmed a JIT transit slot will be honored.

       15. Allocation of Slots to Regular Vessels up to 300 feet in length: The procedure
by which the additional slots for regular vessels up to 300 feet in length are allocated
during the third period has been suspended until further notice.

      16. Allocation of Slots through the Auction Process: Auctioned slots will only be
offered during the 3rd Booking Period for all vessel categories, but the Neopanamax
Conditioned slot may be offered through auction the day after the 2 nd Booking Period tie-
breaker competition if it was not allocated during the competition. Booking slots that
become available during booking period 3, or that are carried over from Booking Period 2
due to cancellations, changes in date, early transit of booked vessels, or other reasons,
may be offered through an extraordinary auction process. The base or initial amount of
each auction for all vessel categories is indicated in the Official Maritime Tariff.

An additional slot for the Neopanamax locks may be offered through a “Special
Neopanamax Auction” process. The dates and conditions under which this slot may be
offered will depend on several variables, including vessel mix and other factors. Vessels
awarded this slot may be subject to an In-Transit-Time (ITT) of 36 hours or less. This
auction will normally be announced with at least one day advance notice. Panamax Plus
vessels may be allowed to participate in the special auction.

Vessels that have been awarded a slot through the auction process are not allowed to
participate in subsequent auctions for the same booking date.

 The ACP will notify vessel agents when there is a possibility of a slot to be auctioned.

 Since these auctioned slots may require that interested vessels meet certain conditions
 such as transit direction and/or vessel restrictions, these conditions will be announced
 when the auction is published.

 The auctioned slot will be subject to the following terms and conditions:

A. A Customer Code and the amount of the bid will be the only information required to
place a bid.

B. A different username is required for each Customer Code that participates in the
auction. The system will validate the username and the Customer Code used to place the
initial bid and will create a key with this information. After the first bid is entered, the



                                             15
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 system will automatically propagate this Customer Code for every subsequent bid in the
bidding screen window.

C. The daily auctions will normally open not earlier than 1400 hours on the day prior to the
opening day of the 3rd period. The closing time will be determined when the auction
details are published.
D. The auction closing time will automatically be extended by two minutes should a higher
valid bid be received within the last two minutes of the closing time. These automatic
extensions will continue until no higher valid bid is received during the last two minutes of
the current closing time.
E. The initial or base price for the auctioned slot will depend on the vessel category, as
per Official Maritime Tariff. The minimum acceptable bid increment shall be $1,000 USD,
and any bid increment shall be in multiples of $1,000 USD for all vessel categories.
F. The auctioned slot will be awarded to the customer who submits the highest bid during
the auction period. If two or more customers submit the same amount at the time the
auction closes, the slot will be awarded to the bid that was received first. Proxy bids have
precedence over manual bids when the same amount is placed by two or more
participants, provided that the proxy bid was placed prior to the manual bid.
G. Vessels awarded the auctioned slot have the same options as other booking slots,
such as requesting late arrival transit, swaps, substitutions, and change-in-transit-date.
H. If the auction for any vessel category closes without interested vessels, this slot may be
auctioned to other vessel categories. The criteria that participating vessels must meet to
be awarded the slot will be notified when the auction is published.
I. Any auction (daily or extraordinary) that is not awarded between seven and four days
prior to the transit date, may be offered again through auction, four days prior to the transit
date. In the Panamax Locks, if the auctioned slots are not awarded, they may be offered
to other vessel categories (supers or regulars), three days prior to the transit date. The
ACP will determine the conditions under which the slots will be offered, based on the
vessel mix and other operational factors, and will be announced when the auction is
published.
J. If a cancellation of a slot occurs during or after the auction process, the cancelled slot
will be offered through an extraordinary auction process.
K. A tug and barge unit or an ITB may be awarded a booking slot through an auction
process, therefore, the larger of the two units will pay the winning bid, while the smaller will
be required to pay its normal applicable booking fee. They will be allowed to participate in
auctions after conditions for transit have been determined and approval for transit has
been given by the Canal Port Captain. In addition, the 24-hour In-Transit Time will not
apply to tug and barge units that obtain a booking slot.




                                              16
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                               Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 L. Information provided by users during the auction process will remain strictly
confidential. Once the auction is closed, the complete information with all the placed bids
will be published and displayed in the bidding history.

M. The ACP Auction System is available at:
https://auction.pancanal.com/Auction/APRegistrationRequired.asp

       17.Unused Slots. Upon expiration of a booking period, if a reserved transit slot
allocated to that booking period was not used, for whatever reason, the slot will be
assigned to vessels seeking reserved transits in the booking period(s) that follow(s).

        18.Transit Condition Changes – Panamax Locks. When, due to operational
factors, sustained Canal capacity is expected to be reduced, a corresponding reduction in
the number of available reserved transit slots may be ordered by the Canal Authority, as
set forth in the following table:

                                        EST. CAPACITY
            CONDITION                                        SUPERS       REGULARS        TOTAL
                                        (panamax locks)

 1. Normal operations                      24 or over           20             6            26

 1.a. Reduction in capacity without
 lane outages (for example: culvert
                                              22                16             6            22
 outages or lockages with
 restrictions)

 2. Significant reduction in capacity
                                              16                13             3            16
 (for example, lane outages)

 3. Backlog of 90 or more vessels
 awaiting transit at both Canal
                                              N/A               11             3            14
 terminals for at least 2 days or due
 to other operational factors
 4. Severe reduction in Canal
 capacity (slides, vessel accidents
                                              N/A               0              0             0
 or other unforeseen
 circumstances)
 5. Reduction in capacity due to
 implementation of water                      20                16             4            20
 conservation measures



        19. Other Conditions. The ACP may invoke Condition 3, 4, 5, or a distribution of
slots different from the table above due to specific situations, to maintain a safe and
efficient operation of the Canal.




                                                        17
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




     20. Notice of Changes. Whenever transit conditions are to be upgraded to a less
  restrictive condition, Canal authorities will, when feasible, give vessel agents at least
  two-day advance notice.

         21. Same Direction Transits/Neopanamax. During normal conditions, no more
  than four (4) Neopanamax vessels may be booked for transit in the northbound
  direction, and of these, no more than one (1) with daylight restriction. Similarly, no more
  than four (4) Neopanamax vessels may be booked for transit in the southbound
  direction, and of these, no more than one (1) with daylight restriction. Slots sold during
  Booking Period 3 and the conditioned slot will be excluded from this limitation. The
  maximum number of slots that may be allocated to LNG vessels will be two (2) per day
  (regardless of restriction), either two in the northbound direction, or one northbound and
  one southbound. Full-daylight restricted vessels are not allowed to book their transit.
  The maximum number of slots for “daylight-restricted” vessels combined with LNG
  vessels allowed is three (3) per day, as summarized below:

         A.     Two northbound LNG vessels and one daylight-restricted vessel (either
         northbound or southbound);

         B.      One northbound LNG vessel, one southbound LNG vessel, and one
         daylight-restricted vessel (either northbound or southbound);

         C.      One daylight-restricted northbound vessel, one daylight southbound
         vessel, and one LNG vessel (either northbound or southbound).

NOTE: In case an LNG vessel has a HML = D or HML = M, is considered as a “double”
restriction.

From the maximum of four Neopanamax slots per direction that may be offered within all
booking periods (including LoTSA slots but including Booking Period 3 and the conditions
slot):
    • Whenever there are one or more slots available per direction within this limitation,
       one slot per direction may be offered during the Booking period 1A.
    • In case there is no slot available in one direction within the direction limitation, the
       two slots may be offered in the opposite direction.
    • Vessels with HML = D or HML = M will not be allowed to request booking slot
       during Booking Period 1A.

       22.Same Direction Transits/Supers. During normal conditions, no more than ten
supers may be booked for transit in each direction and, of these, no more than four (4)
with daylight restrictions per direction. The combined number of daylight restricted vessels
shall not exceed eight (8) vessels. Nevertheless, depending on the vessel mix, whenever
all slots in one direction have been allocated during the Second Period Competition and




                                              18
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 there are still slots available in the opposite direction, an additional slot may be allocated
to interested vessels in the direction with no slot availability.

The number of daily slots that may be awarded to each customer (per customer code) is
two (2) per booking date, in the Panamax Locks. Slots awarded through the auction
process are excluded from this limitation.

The following rules will apply to the Panamax Locks:

           A. Slots awarded in Period 1 will not be taken into consideration for the two daily
           booking slots limitation.

           B. Customers that are awarded a slot during Period 2 tiebreaker competition
           may not be assigned a slot for another vessel during the tiebreaker competition
           for the following day.

           C. Customers that are awarded two slots during Period 2 competitions may not
           be assigned a slot for another vessel during subsequent special competitions
           held during Period 2.

           D. Slots that cannot be allocated during Period 2 competitions may be assigned
           to customers that have already obtained slots for other vessels in Period 2, in
           which case the slot will be allocated based on the Customer Ranking.

           E. If there are no other interested vessels during the tiebreaker or special
           competitions, these slots may be assigned to any vessel, regardless of
           customer code based on the Customer Ranking.

              Note: During periods of reduced capacity without lane outages, the limits per
direction or restriction, as well as the number of JIT transit slots, shall be determined by
the Authority, commensurate with the safe and efficient operation of the Canal.

           F. During Conditions 1.a. and 5, no more than eight supers may be booked for
           transit per direction and of these, no more than four with daylight restrictions.
           The combined number of daylight restricted vessels shall not exceed eight
           vessels.

           G. During Conditions 2 and 3, no more than six supers may be booked for transit
           in the same direction and, of these, no more than four with daylight restrictions.
            The number of daylight restricted vessels shall not exceed six, and the number
           of JIT transit slots may not exceed one per direction.




                                              19
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




            H. Exceptions to the limits may only be made with the express authorization
             from the Vice President for Operations, or his designee, and only in such
             cases where the operational efficiency is not compromised.

       23. Same Direction Transits/Regular Vessels. During normal conditions, no more
than three (3) regular vessels may be booked for transit per direction, and of these, no
more than one (1) may be allocated to vessels transiting with restrictions per direction, i.e.,
clear-Cut, daylight hours, or daylight hours in the Cut. The total number of regular vessels
with restrictions may not exceed two (2)

        Note: During periods of reduced capacity without lane outages, the limits per
direction or restriction, as well as the number of JIT transit slots, shall be determined by
the Authority, commensurate with the safe and efficient operation of the Canal.

              A. During Condition 1.a., no more than three regular vessels may be booked
              for transit in the same direction. Of the five slots available, no more than one
              per direction may be allocated to a regular vessel transiting under restrictions,
              i.e., clear-Cut, daylight hours or daylight hours in the Cut.

              B. During Condition 2, no more than two regular vessels may be booked for
              transit in the same direction. Of the three slots available, no more than one
              may be allocated to a regular vessel transiting under restrictions, i.e., clear-
              Cut, daylight hours, or daylight hours in the Cut. The number of JIT slots
              offered to regular vessels transiting without restrictions will remain at one per
              direction.

              C. During Condition 3, no more than two regular vessels will be booked for
              transit in the same direction. Of the three slots available, no more than one
              may be allocated to a regular vessel transiting under restrictions, i.e., clear-
              Cut, daylight hours, or daylight hours in the Cut. The number of JIT slots
              offered to regular vessels transiting without restrictions will remain at one per
              direction.

              D. During Condition 5, no more than two regular vessels will be booked for
              transit in the same direction. Of the four regular slots available, no more than
              two may be allocated to a regular vessel transiting under restrictions, i.e.,
              clear-Cut, daylight hours, or daylight hours in the Cut. The number of JIT
              slots offered to regular vessels transiting without restrictions will remain at
              one per direction.

            E. Exceptions to the limits may only be made with the express authorization
             from the Executive Vice President for Operations, or his designee, and only in
             those cases whereby the operational efficiency is not compromised.




                                              20
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




         24. No Re-Assignments. Once a vessel is assigned a reserved transit slot, that
slot will not be re-assigned to any other vessel unless the vessel’s agent subsequently
cancels the reserved transit or as permitted herein, the vessel is substituted or swaps its
reserved transit slot with another vessel booked for transit, or the vessel transits earlier
than its booked date.

ARTICLE 23
        1. Dead Tows and handline transits. Dead tows such as tug and barges, and
vessels with certain transit restrictions such as full-daylight restricted vessels, may be
allowed to book their transits, if they are approved for transit by the ACP. Small craft
(vessels up to 125 feet in length) transiting as handlines, are not required to reserve their
transit.

       2. Warships, Auxiliary Vessels, and other Government-Owned Vessels: The
Panama Canal Authority (ACP) will assign transit slots to vessels of war, auxiliary, and
other government-owned vessels, if such vessels are unable to obtain a slot for the
intended transit date through the ordinary booking procedures. The assignment of a slot
for a particular date will depend on several factors, including transit capacity, number of
booked vessels, and vessel mix. The slot assigned will be in addition to the reserved slots
regularly offered through the normal booking procedures. The corresponding booking fee
based on vessel category will be assessed as indicated in the Official Maritime Tariff. The
ACP may require vessels to provide documentation that corroborates the subject vessel is
owned or operated by a particular nation’s government and is not engaged in any
commercial activity. Vessel representatives are encouraged to provide information
regarding the vessel’s ETA at least 96 hours prior to arrival. indicated in the Official
Maritime Tariff.
       3. Payment Authorization. To participate in the Transit Reservation System, the
vessel agent must furnish the ACP a letter containing the names and sample signatures of
persons designated to authorize payment of the vessel's transit costs (including booking
fees).
        4. Booking Form. To request a reserved transit slot, the vessel agent must
complete a Request for Transit Booking by using the available system or other acceptable
means as determined by the Authority, as email or personally delivered to Maritime
Operations, Building 729, Balboa, from 0700 to 2130 hours.
         5. Processing Requests. Requests for reservations at the beginning of any
booking period will be received daily beginning at 0900 hours (except for Booking Period 3
which begins at 0700), but processing will not begin until after 0930 hours. Except as
established in paragraph (f) of the Tie-Breaker Criteria established below, all requests
received between 0900 and 0930 hours will be treated as having been received at the
same time. Thereafter, requests will be processed in the order they are received. After
0930 hours, the order of preference for requests logged simultaneously is by electronic
means, followed by requests delivered personally. If, for whatever reason, a vessel agent



                                             21
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 wishes to withdraw from a competition after having submitted a booking request during
competition, shall notify the ACP Booking office in writing (booking@pancanal.com) prior
to the closing time of the competition.
          6. Tie-Breaker Criteria. If, at the time processing begins, transit reservation
requests exceed the number of available reserved transit slots for any given period,
assignment of available slots to vessels competing for reserved transits will be made in
the following order of preference:
              A. Customers with the highest ranking of Panama Canal business. This
              ranking will be determined based on the weighted average of the ranking of
              total transits (40%) and tolls paid (60%) during the preceding 12-month
              period, which ends the last day of the month preceding the month prior to the
              transit request (i.e. if the transit request is made in December, the last day of
              the 12-month period would be October 31). Vessels that comply with the
              Green Connection Initiative requirements will be credited with the
              corresponding percentage points in the transit portion of their customer
              ranking, depending on the requirements that the vessels meet, as determined
              by the Environmental Recognition Program.

The customer ranking will be calculated and published each month by the ACP Billing
System.

Shipping agencies must ensure that the Customer Codes are included in all ETA
messages, as discrepancies with the Customer Code reported in the Booking Request
may invalidate the request.
       Note: It is important that the Customer Code provided for each vessel’s visit is
correct. After completion of a vessel’s visit, agents and customers are granted a 30-day
grace period to request corrections to the Customer Code provided in the vessel’s visit, so
that the correct code is credited for the transit.

If two or more vessels with the same customer code are competing for a reserved slot, the
vessel agent may request priority for a particular vessel over other vessels with the same
customer code. In the Neopanamax locks, vessels must belong to the same market
segment. The request for priority for a particular vessel will be applied after the winners
during the competition have been determined. The agent must send the written request to
the ACP Booking office (booking@pancanal.com) prior to the closing time of the
competition.

Non-compliance with the Customer Code procedure by providing incorrect, false, or
deficient information to the ACP constitutes a violation of the Maritime Regulations for the
Operation of the Panama Canal and may result in fines ranging from $100 to $1,000,000.
The application of sanctions does not preclude the ACP from cancelling previously
approved consolidation of customer codes and may also result in the loss of the number
of transits that have been credited to the offending customer.



                                              22
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




  To ensure transparency in the use of the Customer Codes, the ACP submits an
electronically generated notification to customers whenever an ETA or Ship Due
transaction has been created or a customer code of an existing ETA or Ship Due is
modified in the Panama Canal Service Portal. A response is only required if the customer
code is being used without authorization. Random verification of customer codes used in
booking applications may also be done to ensure the proper use of the customer codes.
Canal customers shall maintain their official electronic mail addresses up to date by
contacting     the   Shipping      Customer    Service     Management        Office   at:
customerservice@pancanal.com

              B. Vessels in the order of frequency they transited booked during the
              preceding 12-month period, which ends the last day of the month preceding
              the month of the transit request;
              C. Vessels in the order of frequency they transited, whether booked or not,
              during the preceding 12-month period, which ends the last day of the month
              preceding the month of the transit request;
              D. Vessels in the order of their most recent transit, whether booked or not;
              E. Vessels which, on at least the two previous consecutive days, requested,
              but failed to obtain reserved transit slots because they did not win under the
              preceding tie-breaker criteria.
              F. Vessels in the order in which booking requests are received.

      7. Incomplete Booking Request Forms. Transit booking request forms that are
 incomplete (including not furnishing the vessel´s ETA), not signed by the vessel´s agent
 (when required), or personally delivered to someone other than the designated booking
 coordinator, cannot be processed. Failure of the vessel agent to provide complete and
 accurate information required by the ACP when requesting transit bookings may result in
 rejection of the booking request or cancellation of the vessel's reserved transit slot.
       8. Acknowledgments. Vessel agents will be furnished acknowledgments of receipt
 of transit booking requests as soon as possible following receipt.
       9.Notifications. Notification of approval or disapproval of a transit booking request
  will be furnished to the vessel agent once the request is processed.
      10. Substitutions. A vessel already booked may only be substituted by another
  non-booked vessel, subject to the following conditions:
               A. Both vessels are registered with the same customer code, vessels with a
                   LotSA are exempted from this limitation;
               B. Both vessels are transiting in the same direction;
               C. Vessels with an HML=M will not be allowed to participate in a substitution:



                                              23
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                           Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




                D. The new vessel must be within the same vessel classification
               (Neopanamax, super or regular) and be subject to the same or lesser transit
               restrictions as the original one. Vessels with a LoTSA slot are exempted
               from the same or lesser transit restriction limitation. In addition, between
               Neopanamax vessels, both vessels must belong to the same market
               segment; and
               E. The request for substitution shall be received by the ACP Integrated
               Operations Control Center at least 24 hours or more prior to the required
               arrival time of the booked vessel.
Substitutions will incur a charge, in accordance with the following table:

                                     SUBSTITUTION TABLE
                                  Notice Period Substitution Fee
             (In advance of required arrival time) (Based on the vessel’s regular booking fee)
                                 Over 30 days       $500.00 (administrative charge)
                            Over 14 to 30 days      20% of booking fee
                             Over 7 to 14 days      40% of booking fee
                              Over 4 to 7 days      60% of booking fee
                                4 days or less      80% of booking fee


        The booking fee applied to the substituting vessel will be the original reservation
tariff assigned at the time the slot was obtained or awarded to the vessels involved in the
substitution, in accordance with the current booking rates.
       If the requested substitution involves a booked vessel approved for the JIT transit
service, the new vessel will not retain the JIT transit. If interested, the JIT transit shall be
requested once the substitution is approved.
      11. Swapping. Swapping of reserved transit slots between two booked vessels is
allowed, subject to the following conditions:
               A. Both vessels must be booked for transit within 21 days of each other;
               B. Both vessels must be transiting in the same direction;
               C. Vessels with an HML=M will not be allowed to participate in a swap:
               D. Both vessels must be within the same vessel classification
               (Neopanamax, super or regular) and be subject to the same transit
               restrictions and arrival requirements. Vessels with a LoTSA slot are
               exempted from the same transit restriction limitation. In addition, between
               Neopanamax vessels, both vessels must belong to the same market
               segment;



                                               24
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                          Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




               E. Both vessels are registered with the same customer code, vessels with a
               LoTSA are exempted from this limitation;
               F. A request for swapping must be received by an ACP Booking
               Coordinator no later than 24 hours prior to the earliest required arrival time of
               the vessels involved in the swap. Such request may be made in writing;
               G. The booking fee applied to both vessels will be the booking fee applicable
               to the vessels involved in the swapping, in accordance with the current
               booking rates; and
               H. Vessels are permitted to swap their reserved transit slot up to five times
               per booking per visit. The swapping fee to be applied will be according to
               the following table:

                   Notice Period
            (In advance of required arrival         SWAPPING FEE
           time)
                  Over 14 days                      Included in the reservation tariff
                  14 days or less                   1% of the reservation tariff

       The payment shall be made once the swap is approved by the ACP.

                I. For swaps involving two booked vessels with JIT transit service, or
                involving one vessel with JIT, each JIT must be requested once the swap is
                approved, regardless of whether the JIT transit service was previously
                approved.

       12. Swaps and Substitutions between Alliance Members. For the Neopanamax
locks, swapping and substitutions of booking slots between container vessels of alliance
members will be allowed, under the following conditions:

            A. Both vessels must be of the same type and must belong to the containership
            segment.

            B. Both vessels must be Neopanamax vessels.

            C. Both vessels must be transiting in the same direction.

            D. For swaps, vessels must have similar transit restrictions, and for substitution,
            the new vessel must have similar or lesser transit restrictions.

            E. Both vessel customers must belong to services under the same alliance.



                                               25
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                             Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




            F. The booking date of the vessels involved in the swap or substitution must be
            within the effective date of the services and of the alliance.

Vessel agents or shipping lines interested in having vessels involved in swaps and
substitutions within alliance members shall send documentation regarding the alliance
agreement to operationservices@pancanal.com. The ACP may request additional
information from shipping lines to verify their membership in the alliance. It is important
that vessel agents register in the Maritime Service Portal the corresponding liner service
for each vessel’s visit prior to submitting the request for swap or substitution.
Any changes to the members of established alliances, changes in the effective dates,
customer consolidations or deactivations, shall be presented to ACP in a timely manner to
update our records.
The provisions established herein may be either modified or suspended at any time at the
discretion of the ACP, to guarantee operational efficiency.
       13. Change in booking date. A change in booking date will be allowed without
charge, if it is requested 60 days or more prior to the reserved arrival date. The booking
fee applied will be in accordance with the booking rates applicable at the time the change
is requested. Vessels with an HML=M will not be allowed to request a change in booking
date.
The tariff to be applied to vessels when requesting changes to the reservation date will be
in accordance with the following table:

                          CHANGE RESERVATION DATE TABLE
                                   Notice Period      Change reservation date Fee
              (In advance of required arrival time)   (Based on the vessel’s booking fee)
                              60 days or more         No charge
            Over 21 days to less than 60 days         60% of booking fee
                            Over 7 to 21 days         70% of booking fee
                             Over 4 to 7 days         80% of booking fee
                                4 days or less        100% booking fee

14. Charges for daylight transit. Only non-daylight-restricted passenger vessels, military
and other non-commercial government-owned vessels, and yachts may request the
daylight transit service, if they have been booked. The daylight transit fee is $30,000.00,
as per the ACP Official Maritime Tariff. For purposes of this option, a daylight transit is a
transit in which the passage through two sets of locks and Gaillard Cut is accomplished
during daylight hours. The required arrival time for a vessel that is booked with a daylight
transit is 0200 hours.




                                                 26
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                               Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




    The cancellation of a daylight transit request will incur a charge, in accordance with the
following table:

                         DAYLIGHT TRANSIT CANCELLATION TABLE

                                 Notice Period Cancellation Fee
            (in advance of required arrival time) (based on the vessel’s regular booking fee)

                                  Over 60 days         No charge
                             Over 21 to 60 days        40% of booking fee
                       Over 72 hours to 21 days        60% of booking fee
                                 36 to 72 hours        80% of booking fee
                            Less than 36 hours         100% booking fee


The cancellation fees applicable to a daylight transit for regular passenger vessels will be
based on an arrival time of 1400 hours.

ARTICLE 26
Passenger and Full Container vessel preference
        Commercial passenger vessels shall be given preference over other vessels in
transiting, provided they have been booked, and to the extent that such treatment does
not impair the safe and efficient operation of the Canal. Additionally, full container vessels
may be given preference in transiting, provided they have been booked, and to the extent
that such treatment does not impair the safe and efficient operation of the Canal.


ARTICLE 23
(Regulation to Set Tolls, Rates and Fees for the Transit of Vessels through the Canal, and
Rendering Related Services and Complementary Activities, Articles 1 and 4, Panama Canal
Authority Official Maritime Services Tariff, series 1050)
Booking and other fees
      The booking fee for reserving a transit slot for a vessel shall be in accordance with
the Panama Canal Authority Official Maritime Tariff.
      The fee for the Just-In-Time transit service will be in accordance with the Official
Maritime Tariff.
      The Transit date advancement fee will be applied to booked vessels with an
approved Transit in Advance service. In the event the vessel with a transit date
advancement approved by the ACP cancels, is unable to initiate or complete its transit
due to any reason attributable to the vessel, changes its booking date to a later date or to
a date prior to the transit advancement date, the transit date advancement fee will be
applied according to Official Maritime Tariff.



                                                  27
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                          Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




      Vessels that cancel the transit date advancement will be assessed the transit date
advancement fee. Similarly, vessels that cancel their booking after the transit date
advancement has been approved will also be assessed the transit advancement fee.
      The High Demand surcharge (for Neopanamax locks only): surcharge to be applied
to vessels that acquire a booking for the day determined as “high demand” by the ACP.
The rules for the application of the high demand surcharge are:

               A. Vessels that reserved for a date not identified as high demand but are
               offered or request transit advancement to a day of high demand: the “high
               demand” surcharge will be applied in addition to the “transit date
               advancement” charge.

               B. Vessels that reserve for the day of high demand but subsequently are
               offered or request transit advancement to a day not identified as high
               demand will not be assessed the high demand surcharge since the vessel
               will be pay the transit advancement charge.

               C. Vessels that reserve for the day of high demand but do not transit due to
               deficiency or condition: the “high demand” surcharge will be applied in
               addition to the booking forfeiture fee. This surcharge will not be applied if the
               vessel does not transit on the day of high demand due to reasons not
               attributable to the vessel.

               D. Vessels that cancel their booking for the day of high demand, with less
               than 96 hours from the required arrival time will be assessed the high
               demand surcharge in addition to the regular cancellation fee.

               E. Swaps between vessels where one of the vessels reserved for the day of
               high demand: the “high demand” surcharge will be applied to the vessel that
               is assigned the booking for the day of high demand.

               F. Vessels that obtain a booking for a day not identified as of high demand
               but later elect to change their booking to a day identified as “high demand”
               will pay the high demand surcharge, in addition to any other charges that
               may apply.

               G. Vessels that reserve for a day identified as “high demand” after the
               booking was awarded will not be assessed the high demand surcharge.

      I. Payments. Booking fees shall be paid or secured in the same manner as tolls
and other vessel charges prescribed by the ACP Official Tariff.




                                               28
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




       II. All Vessels Included. Except as otherwise provided in the rules, all vessels
booked for transit, including commercial passenger vessels, shall pay for booking and
other prescribed fees inherent to transiting the Canal.
      III. The booking fees are based on vessel dimensions, in accordance with the
following table:


                                          BOOKING FEE TABLE
PANAMAX LOCKS

Regulars: vessels with less than 27.74 m (91 feet) in beam                                             $12,000

Supers: Vessels with a LOA of 294.44 m (966 feet) or less, and a maximum
                                                                                                       $50,000
beam of 32.61 m (107 feet)

NEOPANAMAX LOCKS

Vessels with beam greater than 32.61 m (107 feet), or
vessels with LOA greater than 294.44 m (966 feet)                                                      $100,000


Note: vessels that exceed 32.61m (107 feet) in beam or 294.44m (966 feet) in LOA that are approved for transit
 through the panamax locks will be assessed the corresponding booking fee for supers. Vessels with panamax locks
 dimensions that due to configuration or special conditions are required to transit through the Neopanamax locks will be
 assessed the booking fee for Neopanamax locks.




ARTICLE 26
Passenger and Full Container vessels preference
Commercial passenger vessels shall be given preference over other vessels in transiting,
provided they have been booked, and to the extent that such treatment does not impair
the safe and efficient operation of the Canal. Additionally, full container vessels may be
given preference in transiting, provided they have been booked, and to the extent that
such treatment does not impair the safe and efficient operation of the Canal.


ARTICLES 24 AND 32
Rescheduling

         1. Except as otherwise provided and without the booked vessel being assessed a
penalty fee, the vessel agent may request cancellation of a vessel's reserved transit slot
and reschedule the vessel for ordinary transit or, alternatively, request assignment of an
alternate reserved transit slot, in the following situations:




                                                           29
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




               A. If for whatever reason the ACP cancels the transit of a vessel booked for
             transit that is otherwise ready to proceed as scheduled; or
             B. If for whatever reason the ACP delays the transit of a booked vessel to the
             point where it may prevent the vessel’s arrival on time for a second transit on
             a later date that has been reserved before the delay of the first transit
             occurred.
          2. A vessel booked for transit will be deemed to have transited the Canal on its
reserved transit date if the vessel arrives at the first set of locks at either Canal terminal
prior to 2400 hours that day and her In-Transit Time (ITT) is 24 hours or less, or as
determined by the ACP. Vessels with booking slots awarded through the Long-Term Slot
Allocation (LoTSA) Methodology will maintain the 18-hour ITT rule. The ITT begins when
the vessel arrives at the first set of locks at either Canal terminal and ends when the
vessel departs the last set of locks at the opposite terminal. No booking fee will be
charged if, due to events that are beyond the control of the booked vessel as determined
by the ACP, the ITT exceeds 24 hours (or 36 hours for vessels booked through certain
special auctions). This provision shall not apply in the case of a turn-around transit in
which the vessel begins and completes its transit in the same terminal of the Canal, or in
the case of dead tows and other full-daylight restricted vessels.

         3. Turn-Around Transits Excluded. ACP Navigation Regulation, Article 17, shall
only apply where, during the course of a scheduled transit, a vessel booked for transit
arrives the first set of locks at either Canal terminal and departs the last set of locks at the
opposite Canal terminal. This rule shall not apply to a "turn-around" transit where, during
a scheduled transit, a vessel booked for transit arrives and departs the same set of locks
at either Canal terminal.


ARTICLE 28
        The Authority may transit a booked vessel prior to its reserved transit date, if
such transit does not impair the safe and efficient operation of the Canal. In these
cases, the vessel will be deemed to have transited the Canal in compliance with the ITT
if the vessel departs the last set of locks prior to 2400 hours of the reserved transit date.

ARTICLE 29
(Panama Canal Authority Official Maritime Tariff)
Cancellations
       1. A vessel agent may cancel the transit reservation by providing advance notice,
through a cancellation request form, as prescribed by the Canal Authority. In such a case,
and except as otherwise provided, a cancellation fee will be charged. The amount of the
fee will depend on the notice period (days or hours) received by the Authority in advance
of the vessel's required arrival time according to the following table:



                                              30
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                            Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




                                 BOOKING CANCELLATION TABLE
                              Notice Period
                                                Cancellation Fee
              (In advance of required arrival
                                                (based on the regular booking fee)
                                       time)
                           Over 90 days          50% of booking fee
                      over 21 to 90 days         60% of booking fee
                       over 7 to 21 days         70% of booking fee
                             4 to 7 days         80% of booking fee
             Less than 4 days (96 hours)         100% booking fee

The fees applicable to booking cancellations for passenger vessels and vessels who have
been awarded a JIT transit service are determined based on an arrival time of 0200 hours
for vessels with restrictions and an arrival of 1400 hours for vessels without restrictions.

      The fees applicable for cancellation of auctioned slots will be the corresponding
percentage of the winning bid based on the advance notice.
       2. Booking cancellation requests will not be accepted if received after the vessel’s
required arrival time or if the vessel is already underway for transit.

       3 Booking slots that become available during all the booking periods (except
Booking Period 3) due to cancellations, changes in booking dates, or other reasons, will
be offered through special competitions, in the following manner:

           A. A notification will be sent by the ACP by email to local registered vessel
           agents.

           B. Booking requests for slots offered in the “special competition” will be
           received from 0900 to 0930 hours of the day following the date of publication;
           however, processing will not begin earlier than 0930 hours.

           C. The procedure utilized during the “special competition” for the allocation of
           the available slots will be the same as the procedure utilized to allocate slots
           during the regular tie-breaker competition.

           D. Any booking request received prior to the opening of the “special
           competition”, will not be accepted.

           E. Any booking request received after the cancellation or the change in transit
           date takes place, but before the opening of the “special competition,” will not be




                                                 31
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




            accepted. For these requests to be considered, they must be re-submitted
           during the “special competition” period.

           F. If there are no vessels interested in the slot offered during the “special
           competition,” the slot will then become available on a first come-first served
           basis for the remainder of the period.

           G. If a cancellation or a change in date occurs on the last day of Period 1 or
           Period 1.a., the slot that becomes available will be carried over to the following
           period and will be offered through the normal competition process.

           H. All times referenced are local times.

     4. All slots that become available due to cancellations or other reasons during the 3rd
period will be offered through the auction process. Slots that are carried over from Period
2 to Period 3 will also be offered through auctions.
      5. Super and regular vessels that have requested a booking slot for a particular date
and were rejected due to unavailability of slots (during any booking period except Period
3), and subsequently obtain a slot for an alternate date, will be allowed to change to the
original date without being assessed a cancellation fee, provided that they participate in the
tiebreaker competition for the slot; and that the reservation for the alternate date was
awarded in the same booking period, but prior to the slot for the original date becoming
available.

      6. Neopanamax vessels that have requested a booking slot for a particular date and
were rejected due to unavailability of slots during any booking period (except Period 3),
and subsequently obtain a slot for an alternate date, will be allowed to change to the
original date without being assessed a fee for the change, provided that they participate in
the tiebreaker competition for the slot; and that the reservation for the alternate date was
awarded prior to the slot for the original date becoming available.

     7. Vessels from all three vessel categories whose booking requests for a particular
date were rejected due to unavailability of slots during any booking period except Period 3
and subsequently obtain a slot for an alternate date through the auction process, may
change to the original date requested without being assessed an additional fee. In such
cases, the booking fee to be applied to the vessel will be based on the winning amount
during the auction.
       8. Vessels from all three vessel categories that obtain a slot for a particular date
through the auction process and subsequently obtain a slot for an earlier date also through
the auction process, will not be assessed a fee for the change to the new date, if the vessel
was rejected for that date in previous periods due to unavailability of slots. The booking
fee to be applied to the vessel will be based on the highest of the two winning bids.
Otherwise, the vessel shall pay the corresponding cancellation fee based on the auction
amount during the auction.



                                              32
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




      9. Vessels from all three vessel categories that have requested a booking slot for a
particular date and were rejected due to unavailability of slots during any booking period
(except Period 3), and subsequently obtain an ordinary slot for an alternate date, will be
allowed to change to the original date without being assessed a fee for the change, if the
slot for the original date is acquired through the auction process during Booking Period 3.

    10. Booking Cancellation Surcharges: For booking cancelations more than 2 days prior
to the vessel’s booking date, the cancelation fee published in the official Maritime Tariff
will be applied.
Vessels that cancel their booking with less than 2 days from the required arrival date and
time, and do not arrive at Canal waters for transit within 7 days of the booked date, will be
assessed the cancellation surcharge as per Official Maritime Tariff, in addition to the
regular cancellation fee. Otherwise, the cancellation surcharge will not be assessed.

The surcharges mentioned in the previous paragraphs shall not apply when the reason for
the vessel´s late arrival or cancellation of the reservation is due to a medical or
humanitarian emergency, fortuitous event or force majeure, as stated in Article 31 of the
Maritime Regulations for the Operation of the Panama Canal.

Cancellations due to substitutions and changes in booking dates will not incur in the
above-mentioned surcharges.


11. Reservation Date Changes for Gatun Recreational Facilities: Changes in the
reservation dates for the use of Gatun Recreational Facilities will incur in a cancellation
charge. The amount to be charged will depend on the advance notification of the
cancellation, in accordance with the ACP’s Official Tariff.


12. Cancellation Form. To cancel a transit booking, the vessel agent must complete a
Request for Transit Booking Cancellation by using the available system as determined by
the Authority. The transit booking cancellation request (ACP form 4633) may also be
personally delivered to Transit Planning and Booking Section, Building 729, Balboa.
13. Advance Cancellation Notice. The amount of the cancellation fee to be assessed will
be determined by the date and time of reception by the ACP´s Transit Planning and
Booking Section of the cancellation notice.




                                             33
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                          Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




 ARTICLE 30
Penalties

        1. The reserved transit slot or TIA of a vessel booked for transit will be cancelled by
the ACP and the vessel will be penalized by way of forfeiture of the prescribed booking
fee, or the applicable minimum fee, whichever is greater, in the following situations:

             A. When a Neopanamax vessel (excluding LNG carriers) or Panamax Plus
             does not arrive at a Canal terminal by 2200 hours of the previous day of its
             booking or TIA date;

             B. When a Neopanamax LNG carrier has been booked for transit and does not
             arrive at Canal terminal by 0200 hours of its booking or TIA date;

             C. When a super or a regular vessel that is subject to transit restrictions (clear-
             Cut, clear-Cut daylight hours) has been booked for transit and does not arrive
             at a Canal terminal by 0200 hours of its booking or TIA date;

             D. When a regular vessel that is not subject to transit restrictions has been
             booked for transit and does not arrive at a Canal terminal by 1400 hours of its
             booking or TIA date;

             E. When a vessel booked for transit arrives on time but cannot or, at the
             vessel operator's election, does not transit as scheduled despite the readiness
             of Canal authorities to proceed; or

             F. When a vessel booked for transit with a JIT service does not arrive at the
             established arrival time or arrives on time but cannot transit as scheduled
             despite the readiness of Canal authorities to proceed.

        2. Vessels booked for transit or TIA that fail to arrive by their required arrival time
may elect to transit on the day of their booking when re-scheduling is possible without
adversely affecting other vessels, subject to an additional fee. The applicable fee for late
arrivals will be determined by the vessel’s actual arrival time, in accordance with the
following table:

                           LATE ARRIVAL PENALTY FEE TABLE
         Late Arrival (based on vessel’s required Additional Fee (based on the
                                        arrival time) vessel’s regular booking fee)
    Up to one (1) hour after the required arrival time 25% of booking fee
          More than one (1) hour and up to 2 hours 50% of booking fee
                             More than two (2) hours 100% booking fee
                                    Just-In-time (JIT) 50% of booking fee




                                               34
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




         3. Just-In-Time booked vessels that fail to arrive by their required arrival time may
elect to transit on the day of their booking, when re-scheduling is possible without
adversely affecting other vessels, subject to payment of an additional fee. The applicable
fee for late arrivals of JIT vessels will be 50% of their corresponding booking fee based on
vessels dimensions.

        4. Vessels allocated through the auction process that fail to arrive by their required
arrival time may elect to transit on the day of their booking, when re-scheduling is possible
without adversely affecting other vessels, subject to payment of an additional fee. The
additional fee for late arrival of vessels allocated through the auction process will be a
percentage of their regular booking fee based on dimensions and not based on the
amount awarded in the auction process.

        5. Canal authorities may cancel the vessel’s booking without charge or may waive
assessment of a penalty fee if the vessel’s late arrival was due to a medical or
humanitarian emergency, force majeure or fortuitous event arising between the vessel’s
last port and its arrival at Canal waters that could not have been reasonably predicted in
advance. Likewise, the vessel’s booking may be cancelled without charge if the vessel
arrives on time but cannot transit due to force majeure or a fortuitous event that could not
have been anticipated or prevented by the vessel. In either case, the vessel shall present
in a timely manner, acceptable proof that substantiates the reason for late arrival or
inability to transit.

       6. Failure of the vessel agent to provide complete and accurate information
required by the Authority when requesting transit bookings may result in rejection of the
booking request or cancellation of the vessel's reserved transit slot.

        7. When a vessel's reserved transit slot is canceled, and unless otherwise
directed by the vessel agent, the ACP will re-schedule the vessel for ordinary transit.

       Waiver Criteria. The Authority must be able to independently verify the event that
allegedly caused late arrival or the vessel’s transit to be cancelled. Heavy seas and bad
weather conditions routinely encountered by vessels at sea, or delays at port or while at
anchor are not considered extraordinary phenomenon or events of major proportions so
as to justify waiver of assessment of penalty fees. The decision of the Canal Authority
shall be final.

ARTICLE 33
Temporary suspension of the Transit Reservation System

         1. The ACP may temporarily suspend the Transit Reservation System, in whole
or in part, and for an indefinite period of time, when it is determined that such action is
necessary to ensure continued safe and efficient operation of the Canal.




                                              35
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                        Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




           2. No penalty or fee will be levied against any booked vessel whose reserved
transit slot is canceled because of a temporary suspension of the Transit Reservation
System.

ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

           To facilitate the efficient operation of the Transit Reservation System, the ACP
may establish additional policies and procedures, define additional terms, and issue
clarifications and interpretations consistent with the provisions of this Notice to Shipping.
Further implementation, clarifications or interpretations will be published and distributed to
Canal customers through Advisories to Shipping or other appropriate means as
determined by the ACP.




                                             36
OP Notice to Shipping N-7-2026                         Panama Canal Transit Reservation System




                                       Table of changes
Revision      Date                               Revision Description
                         Article 22
                         2. Passenger Vessel Allocations
                         6. Booking Period 1.a for Neopanamax Vessels
                         7. Second Period for Neopanamax Vessels. During the 2nd Booking
                         Period.
   1        1-July-25    12. Transit in Advance
                         20. Same Direction Transits/Neopanamax.
                         Article 23
                         10. Substitutions
                         11. Swaping

                         Article 9
                         7. NetZero Slot
                         14. Arrival Time
                         Articles 22 and 23
                         1. Normal Periods
                         Article 22
                         2. Passenger Vessel Allocation
                         4. Long Term Slot Allocation Methodology
                         5. First Period for Neopanamax vessels
                         6. Booking Period 1.a for Neopanamax Vessels
                         7. Second Period for Neopanamax Vessels.
   2
            1-January-   10. Net Zero Slot Allocation.
                26       13. Transit in Advance.
                         21. Same Direction Transits/Neopanamax
                         23. Same Direction Transits/Regular Vessels
                         Article 23
                         4. Booking Form
                         5. Processing Requests
                         7. Incomplete Booking Request Forms
                         12. Swaps and Substitutions between Alliance Members
                         14. Charges for daylight transit
                         Article 29
                         12. Cancellation Form
                         13. Advance Cancellation Notice




                                              37
